Evolutionary analysis by Maximum Likelihood method 
The evolutionary history was inferred by using the Maximum Likelihood method and Tamura-Nei model [1]. The bootstrap consensus tree inferred from 500 replicates [3] is taken to represent the evolutionary history of the taxa analyzed [3]. Branches corresponding to partitions reproduced in less than 50% bootstrap replicates are collapsed. The percentage of replicate trees in which the associated taxa clustered together in the bootstrap test (500 replicates) are shown next to the branches [3]. Initial tree(s) for the heuristic search were obtained automatically by applying Neighbor-Join and BioNJ algorithms to a matrix of pairwise distances estimated using the Tamura-Nei model, and then selecting the topology with superior log likelihood value. A discrete Gamma distribution was used to model evolutionary rate differences among sites (4 categories (+G, parameter = 0,7354)). The rate variation model allowed for some sites to be evolutionarily invariable ([+I], 23,34% sites). This analysis involved 163 nucleotide sequences. Codon positions included were 1st+2nd+3rd+Noncoding. There were a total of 378 positions in the final dataset. Evolutionary analyses were conducted in MEGA X [2]


1. Tamura K. and Nei M. (1993). Estimation of the number of nucleotide substitutions in the control region of mitochondrial DNA in humans and chimpanzees. Molecular Biology and Evolution 10:512-526.
2. Kumar S., Stecher G., Li M., Knyaz C., and Tamura K. (2018). MEGA X: Molecular Evolutionary Genetics Analysis across computing platforms. Molecular Biology and Evolution 35:1547-1549.
3. Felsenstein J. (1985). Confidence limits on phylogenies: An approach using the bootstrap. Evolution 39:783-791.
Disclaimer: Although utmost care has been taken to ensure the correctness of the caption, the caption text is provided "as is" without any warranty of any kind. Authors advise the user to carefully check the caption prior to its use for any purpose and report any errors or problems to the authors immediately (www.megasoftware.net). In no event shall the authors and their employers be liable for any damages, including but not limited to special, consequential, or other damages. Authors specifically disclaim all other warranties expressed or implied, including but not limited to the determination of suitability of this caption text for a specific purpose, use, or application.
